Add sections on IP address forwarding (#1789)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/administration/high-availability/index.md

- [Using NGINX as a reverse proxy with Octopus](/docs/security/exposing-octopus/use-nginx-as-reverse-proxy.md)
- [Using IIS as a reverse proxy with Octopus](/docs/security/exposing-octopus/use-iis-as-reverse-proxy.md)

## Auditing

> From **Octopus 2023.1** audit events include the IP address of the client that initiated the request. As High Availability redirects user traffic through a load balancer, the default value of the IP address in audit events will be the IP address of the load balancer, rather than the client's IP address. See [IP address forwarding](/docs/security/users-and-teams/auditing/index.md#ip-address-forwarding) for how to configure trusted proxies in Octopus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From **Octopus 2023.1**, audit events include the IP address of the client that initiated the request. As High Availability redirects user traffic through a load balancer, the default value of the IP address in audit events will be the IP address of the load balancer rather than the client's IP address. See [IP address forwarding](/docs/security/users-and-teams/auditing/index.md#ip-address-forwarding) for configuring trusted proxies in Octopus.
```
